QL HB: Add bindingset example (#2575)
Semmle/ql: docs/language/ql-handbook/predicates.rst

  - If ``y`` is bound, then ``x`` and ``y`` are bound.

That is, ``bindingset[x] bindingset[y]``, which states that at least one of ``x`` or ``y`` must 
be bound, is different from ``bindingset[x, y]``, which states that both ``x`` and ``y`` must be 
bound.

The latter can be useful when you want to declare a :ref:`predicate with result <predicates-with-result>` that takes multiple input arguments.

> For example, the following predicate gets ``str``, truncated to a maximum length of ``len`` characters::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following predicate takes a string ``str`` and truncates it to a maximum length of ``len`` characters::
```
